- A specific frequency window, 7.5–9 MHz, whose central value is the mean value of the **second and third harmonic frequencies**, was chosen to evaluate the amount of inertial cavitation-induced broadband noise during the HIFU exposure by calculating the temporal-average frequency-average amplitude, (Variations of bubble cavitation and temperature elevation during lesion formation by high-intensity focused ultrasound) #bbn #harmonics #inertial_cavitation
- The water is degassed using a hollow fiber membrane degassing module (Separel PF-001, DIC Corporation) and its amount of dissolved oxygen is 1.73–5.54 mg l−1. By using this degassing module, not only the dissolved oxygen but also the dissolved nitrogen can be degassed. However, the amount of dissolved nitrogen in the present experiments is not monitored.(Ogasawara, Toshiyuki, et al. "Pressure measurement and high-speed observation on the cavitation bubble cloud due to the backscattering of HIFU from a laser-induced bubble." _Fluid Dynamics Research_ 50.6 (2018): 065512.) #degass_water
- The time-resolved high positive and negative pressures are measured by the fiberoptic probe hydrophone (FOPH; FOPH 2000, PR acoustics) which has 0.12 mm tip diameter. This tip diameter of 0.12 mm is about one tenth of the wave length of the ultrasound λ (1.4 mm), which is small enough to measure the local pressure in the focus of HIFU. Also, the contamination effect of the hydrophone on the pressure field is negligibly small, judging from the visualization by the shadowgraph method.(Ogasawara, Toshiyuki, et al. "Pressure measurement and high-speed observation on the cavitation bubble cloud due to the backscattering of HIFU from a laser-induced bubble." _Fluid Dynamics Research_ 50.6 (2018): 065512.) #hydrophone #ultrasound_pressure
- **Radio Frequency Ablation**
  collapsed:: true
	- ## 1.  Definition
		- Radiofrequency ablation (RFA) is a minimally invasive procedure
		- fulguration
		- a medical procedure in which part of the electrical conduction system of the heart, tumor or other dysfunctional tissue is ablated using the heat generated from medium frequency alternating current (in the range of 350–500 kHz)
		- Radiofrequency Ablation (RFA) of tumors is a minimally-invasive procedure used by our musculoskeletal radiologists to treat small bone tumors.
	- ## 2.  Mechanism
	  Radiofrequency ablation (RFA) works by passing electrical current in the range of radio waves between a needle electrode positioned in the tumor and grounding pads placed on the patient's skin.The radiofrequency current produces a high level of heat within the tumor tissue surrounding the electrode.
	- ## 3.  Surgery Steps
		- The first step in radiofrequency ablation (RFA) is to precisely locate the tumor with CT scanning.
		- The skin is marked at the proper site for the procedure and, after cleaning the area with a solution, a local anesthetic is injected into the skin.
		- A tiny incision measuring about one-quarter inch is made and the radiofrequency electrode is advanced into the tumor. The electrode is connected to the electrical generator and radiofrequency energy is applied for a varying time depending on the size of the tumor.
	- ## 4.  Advantages
		- it does not directly stimulate nerves or heart muscle and therefore can often be used without the need for general anaesthesia
		- it is very specific for treating the desired tissue without significant collateral damage